# DailyMikuArt
DailyMikuArt is a bot written in python intended for generating daily Twitter/X posts under the moniker '@DailyMikuArt'.

The gyst of the program is simple: use AI tools to create a daily narrative of the fictional Pop Idol Hatsune Miku's life. This takes the form of a Twitter/X style social media post plus 1-4 additional photos generated by DALL-E. Posts will be uploaded to the '@DailyMikuArt' account- daily!

## __Who is [Hatsune Miku](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatsune_Miku)?__

Hatsune Miku is a virtual pop star created by Crypton Future Media in 2007. She's a computer-generated singer brought to life through Vocaloid software, allowing users to generate vocals by typing lyrics and melodies. With her distinctive turquoise pigtails, Miku has gained global fame through holographic concerts and a massive fanbase. She represents the fusion of technology and entertainment, inspiring creativity through collaborative fan projects and digital innovation.

Hatsune Miku's persona embodies youthful energy, innocence, and boundless creativity. She exudes a cheerful and playful demeanor, often depicted with a smile on her face and a twinkle in her eyes. Miku's character is imbued with a sense of curiosity and wonder, reflecting the limitless possibilities of the digital world she inhabits. Despite being a virtual entity, she connects with fans on a personal level, encouraging them to explore their own creativity and express themselves freely. Miku's persona radiates positivity and optimism, serving as a beacon of inspiration for fans worldwide.

## __What does this bot do?__

Hereby, the program will be referred to as 'Miku' directly.
Due to her daily upload schedule, Miku is paying close attention to the specific date. The current date is utilized to influence Miku's posts, as there are a number of different styles that she will choose to upload.

------------------
**1. Miku will celebrate various holidays. [Under Development]**

  As a worldwide virtual pop sensation, Miku has a worldly knowledge of other nations and their traditions. Using the date, she is able to determine if one or multiple countries is celebrating a holiday. If multiple holidays are occurring on the same date, she will determine the best holiday to acknowledge based on the number of nations that celebrate it. She has a slight bias towards specific countries. If there are still multiple holidays to choose from after the filtering process, then one will be picked at random.

###### Tip: Hatsune Miku is well intentioned, but sometimes messes up (she's trying her best). When generating DALL-E art for 'celebrating a holiday', it is very common to see American food items appear. This is not ideal for judaistic holidays where they follow a Kosher diet. In the same vein, pork items may be generated when celebrating various holidays for Abrahamic religions.
------------------
**2. Miku will talk about her own adventurous day. [Under Development]**

  This outcome is the embodiment of 'RNG' that Miku will exhibit in her posts. In order to generate prompts for Miku's Twitter/X post and photos, we must first generate some solid words to influence ChatGPT into producing a declarative 3rd person sentence starring Miku that can be translated into an imperative (prompt) for generating the proper output. These words will be a noun (Location), a noun (Item or Thing), a verb (what Miku is doing), an adverb (to modify the action), and an adjective (to add more detail).

###### Tip: ChatGPT is pretty bad at being random on it's own. Any attempt at extracting a broad variety of specificity will result in a lot of the same results showing up. For example, asking "Generate me a list of random common nouns" will result in Apple and Banana appearing far too frequently, where as specifying "Generate me a list of **Japanese food items**" will result in a much more varied and interesting list. To keep each twitter post unique and interesting, I've opted to compile standalone JSON lists (1000+) for the noun categories (Places and Things). With these lists in place, we can randomly choose a combination to provide Miku to get started, which also saves on repeated OpenAI API calls. This *should* result in far less repetition overall.

With a Location and Thing randomly chosen, ChatGPT can then produce a verb, adverb, and adjective that are related to one or both of the random nouns. Miku can then use this assortment of words to generate action setences that can translate into a unique and interesting Twitter/X post.

------------------
**3. Miku will talk about a sports game she attended the day prior. [Concept - Unimplemented]**

  Most people don't know this but Miku is a huge sports fan. She loves the energy of sprawling arenas and can't help but participate in the fanfare of the crowds. As such, she will occasionally post about her attendance at a sporting event one day prior or ideally the day of. Once the score is settled, she will post the results of the game as well as which team she was rooting for. Her photos will reflect her actually being there in person for the game!

------------------
**4. Miku will give a brief weather report for a random city. [Concept - Unimplemented]**

  With the power of virtual teleportation, Miku is able to be anywhere in the world in a matter of seconds. She has chosen to channel this power and her massive online platform to expand on her new career interests: Meteorology! Once she arrives at a random location, she will assess the location's weather and determine whether or not the weather is 'good' by reporting temperature and rainfall data. If it is not good, she will enthusiastically announce when the weater conditions will improve later in the week.
